Mischief managed.
I fart in your general direction.
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Don't Panic!
Testing can show the presense of errors, but not their absence. - Edsger Dijkstra
May the force be with you.
Made from 100% recycled bits.
It's a waste of time to explain badly written code. - Linus Torvalds
Avoiding complexity reduces bugs. - Linus Torvalds
Code naked.
It is never wrong to introduce a child to Linux. - Luddite Geek
Every programmer is an author. - Sercan Leylek
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. - Isaac Asimov
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
Deleted code is debugged code. - Jeff Sickel
Task failed successfully.
Truth can only be found in one place: the code. - Robert C. Martin
Scripting, it's not all rainbows and blowjobs. - Luddite Geek
No bugs were harmed in testing this code.
This error should never occur.
Scripts are never finished, only abandoned. - Luddite Geek
You can't trust code that you did not create yourself. - Ken Thompson
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. - Ron Jeffries
Don't trust faith-based code. Test it. - Luddite Geek
It's hard to write good code. - Linus Torvalds
Coed Naked Coding Team
Good software, like wine, takes time. ~ Joel Spolsky
I am serious, and don't call me Shirley!
If possible, compute in the nude.
Don’t learn to code, learn to automate. - Erik Dietrich
Happiness is when your code runs without errors.
You wipers of other people's bottoms.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. ~ Edsger Dijkstra
No one has ever experienced a convenient failure. ~ JayzTwoCents
Renounce your paltry gods for your salvation is at hand.
If it works, don't touch it.
I wave my private parts at your aunties!
I still jerk off manually.
I'm just in it for the sin.
Nullifidian - non fractus, non perditus, non ovis.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
My legs are grey. My ears are nulled. My eyes are old and bent.
Rest your sphincters.
Like a blind man at at orgy, I have to feel things out.
Whose balls did I have to fondle?
This bit of code was good enough for Jehovah.
After the spankings, the oral sex!
The Dude abides.
Make me wear panties!
